1. Mostly talking about your background and design question
2. several algorithm questions, design questions, and knowledge questions.
3. What happens when you type "yelp.com" on your browser *2
4. Check anagram
5. reverse a string
6. Given a string how would you check if the string is a palindrome?
7. Search complexity in a sorted and unsorted array.  
8. How many bits in an Octal number.  
9. Examples of Unsupervised and Supervised learning algorithms.
10. If you would like to contribute to a product at Yelp which one will it be.
11. Sort some given data 
12. Like Datastructures, Data Warehouse, Big Data, etc
13. How would you reverse a linked list?  
14. What was the hardest issue you've had to solve when coding and how did you resolve it?
15.  OOP fundamentals, and machine learning & data analytic concepts.  
16. Given a list l and an int k produce a list of distinct pairs that add up to k
17. Invert a binary tree  
18. It's about Unix system semaphore's mechanism.  
19. Questions about the project I did, concepts of thread, web browser and one coding problem which is related to subset 	sum.
20. command to check memory usage  
21. topological sort
22. What is SSL? Return all words in the list with the prefix that user searched for. And without traverse the list every    time.
23. How to use lists, sets, maps and read about how to sort and which data structure would be the best for the current use     case
24. You have an array with words. Print them by anagrams groups  
25. Design and write an algorithm to break up the review into sentences, and put it in a list/array data structure.
26. Categorize a list of words into anagrams.
27. Given two sparse Vectors, compute the Dot Product.
28. Describe life-cycle of an HTTP request 
29. Trees, hashes, sets, searching algorithms, big data, and in general, thinking outside the box.
30. Print all the possible words combination from a long string with no space.
31. Talk about the complexity of the sorting algorithms, quicksort and so on 
32. about Java garbage collectors, stack vs heap questions, threading practices, some simple networking stuff,     compression, encryption, Android specifics
33. Data structures, hash map, web technologies (make sure to understand this, since Yelp is a web company), search     algorithms, code exercise
34. Given a list of words, return a list of list of words that are anagrams of each other.  
35. spam-review system using Machine Learning techniques *2
36. teh game "SET" which you should look up for context. 
37. Subtract two strings
38. Given a list of threads with a start time and finish time, determine all the threads with overlapping times
39. Given a string, print true or false if you can create a palindrome with it.
40.  Another binary search tree coding question.  
41. How to implement a cache for yelp website.
42. Given a list of words, group together words that are anagrams of each other.  
43: port of HTTP
44. Find a number, which is a very easy question by using Binary Search  
45. some java questions
    will adding more indexes to a database improve performance?
    given a string, find longest string with unique characters
46. given a list of urls, find top 10 most visited urls
47. anagram sort
    implement the 'cd' command i.e. given a function cd('a/b','c/../d/e/../f'), where 1st param is current directory and       2nd param is the sequence of operations, find the final directory that the user will be in when the cd command is         executed
48. implement regex.
49. find the sum of two integers represented as strings, return the sum as string, i.e "123" and "456" would return "579".
50. print pascals triangle for a number.
51. How to find the only different number in two unsorted arrays?
52. Write code to generate all possible case combinations of a given lower-cased string. (e.g. "0ab" -&gt; ["0ab", "0aB",     "0Ab", "0AB"])  
53. How to design a request dispatcher for load balancing?
54. find the maximum number of segments that could fit on a number line given a list of segments.
55. why are some websites slow?
56. given a number of nodes and a number of edges, write a method to generate a random graph
57. given an array of intervals, return max number of non-overlapping intervals 
58. What is the linux signal (number) for "kill" command
59. Implement this anagram grouping algorithm with a running time of O(n)
60. Longest Palindrome Substring on leetcode. 
61. write a program to generate all possible lowercase and uppercase combination {'AB',‘Ab’,'aB' and 'ab'} 
62. Given a list of strings, write a function to calculate the longest common prefix (LCP) of all those strings.
63. Given a URL. How do you find a phone no. in it?  
64. Phone interview, 10 quick question:
    -number of bit in octal
    -some command in linuz(grep, kill)
    -some sort complexity(binary)
    -adding element to first of linked list
    -data base question(outerjoin, left joint,..)
    -SSL? TCP?
65. Port number used by HTTP?
    - Protocol underneath HTTP?
    - Runtime efficiency of searching an element in an array using a binary search algorithm?
    - Complexity of adding an element to the head of a linked list?
    - Maximum value of 32 bits unsigned int?
    - Number of digits needed to code an octet?
    - What if we're in base 8?
    - Number of bytes to code 64 bits?
    - What does SSL stands for and what does it do?
    - What is the Linux kill signal?
    - Command to highlight the occurrence of a method in a file?
    - Would you apply a binary search on a linked list or a sorted array?
    - Is an inner join an intersection, a union or something else?
66. - Started by presentation of himself, his team, and other teams
	- Why computer science?
	- Talk about an interesting project you implemented.
	- How would you improve it?
	- What did you find most interesting in that project?
	- If a request takes too long, what could be the reason?
    - Describe different steps when a form is posted

	- Coding problem to do on a shared pad:
	# given a list of words, write a function which
	# takes in the list, and groups the words together
	# according to which ones are anagrams of eachother
	# e.g.
	# input = ["art", "rat", "bats", "banana", "stab", "tar"]
	# output = [["art", "rat", "tar], ["bats", "stab"], ["banana"]]

	I wasted too much time trying to come up with an iterative solution when the problem is "easily" solvable with a 	recursive algorithm.
67. he asked me what is a heap tree
68. ssl, tcp/udp, sql.
69. bits/bytes/octal/Unix/Python/TCP/HTTP/Data Structures.
70. sort list of strings- coding
71. ow do you find and replace a phone number from huge list of files.(your thinking approach)
72. REST web service- my project related.
73. how to design a MapReduce job for Yelp - given a list of URLs, find out the most frequent top 5 URLs.  
74. Containing Linux shell command, Network, Array VS LinkedList with BST
75. how many bits in octal?, kill -9 signal, how to get all the instances of a class, what is the command in unix to find     IP configuration information, inner join is what out of A union B, A intersect B and A - B, HTTP port number, SSL full     form and its purpose, complexity of some s
76. input =&gt; ['cat', 'star', 'act', 'god', 'arts', 'dog', 'rats']

    and returns a sorted array
    output =&gt; ['cat', 'act', 'god', 'dog', 'start', 'arts', 'rats'] 
77. how many bits can be represented by a single octal digit?  
78. 1.Runtime efficiency of searching an element in an array using a binary search algorithm?
    2.Complexity of adding an element to the head of a linked list?
    3.Maximum value of 32 bits unsigned int?
79. how to resolve deadlock  
80. what is the maximum value of an unsigned 32-bit integer
81. 1. size of unsigned integer
    2.http port no.?
    3.ssl full form?
82. Complexity of adding a node in a linked list, range of 32 bit signed int.
83. tell me about the ssl implementation and how it's different from tls 
84. Permutation of a string.(Common question) 
85. Given 6 integers and 1 target value, write a function to get the target value using 6 integers with any on these           operations +,*,-,/ Ans: F(X) = Sum(k=1..N){ v * (Prod(i=1..6 , i!=k) {(X-Xi)} /(Prod(i=1..6 , i!=k) {(Xk-Xi)}}
86. ask a lot of linux commands, you need prepare them well
87. Maximum subarray problem
88. linked list or array for binary search?
89. Write a function that returns a random line in a file.