DONE 1) Reversing a LinkedList using recursion
2) Design classes for cold drink vending machine
3) How would you design a mobile app interface and how would you develop the backend code 	for the same interface. The interface was of a specific screen for a use case they 	described. 
DONE 4) 1.Given 1 to 100 numbers, for multiples of 3 it should print "lu" ,for multiples of 5 	it should print "tron" ,for both multiples of 3 and 5 it should print "lutron".
DONE 5) Same question using recursive method starting the number from 1.
DONE 6) Same question using recursive method starting from 100 to 1.
7)
	3. Design pattern: Strategy and Command
	4. Multiple Inheritance DONE
	5. Relation between inheritance and interface DONE
	6. Multi-thread ? How to execute multiple thread at a time?
	7. Garbage Collection ? DONE
	8. IOS experience about Objective-C
	9. Android application, mobile programming in eclipse. DONE
	10. which database did you use in Android application. LINQ DONE
	11. SQL- store proc experience
	12. Do you have any questions?  

8) write a program that finds all palindromes given a list of words
9) Implement undo() method for a paint class. ANS: Use Command/Memento pattern. Use stack data structure.
10) You work for the DOT. There is a proposal to raise the speed limit on all PA highways from 55 to 75. Your boss is coming in for a meeting in 30 minutes. Decide what to do and pitch your conclusion to him/her.  DONE
11) How would you measure the height of a kite given unlimited resources? - electrical
12) How would you measure the weight of a car with only a ruler? - electrical
13) How would you measure the height of an airplane without any instrumentation? - Mechanical
14) How to open a hotel   - construction
DONE 15) A man is standing in a boat in the center of a lake. Assume ideal conditions and no external forces are playing any role. There is a marker in the lake that marks the 	water level as X. The man throws the rock in the lake, now the marker reads the level as Y. What is X in relation to Y?
16) Try to explain the difference between abstract class and interface.
DONE 17) Design a possible structure for an application interface that has "undo" functionality.
18) You are hiking through the jungle and stumble across a treasure chest in a 9ft DIA, 11 ft deep hole. List solutions to the retrieval of the treasure chest.
19) Estimate how much energy can be saved if using a certain light bulb - P=VI
 20) Building a temperature controlled system.   
21) Estimate how much it would cost the US annually to keep all the car headlights on. 
22) Describe how to debounce a button in software.
23) 4 people with different colored hats
24) The next one was a puzzle. There are 2 White hats and   2 Black hats. 4 persons in a 	room and at least one of them has to say the color of the hat on their head 	otherwise , if at least one person tells it wrong all 4 of them will be killed. 	The 4 persons are standing in the following direction 4(W)----&gt; 3(B) -----&gt; 	2(W) -----&gt; | &lt;-----1 (B) 1 is already in the jail and he can't see any one 	. Any one can see only the persons ahead of them like 4 can see 3 and 2. Tell me 	who saves them and y. Interviewer was expecting to hear your explanation and he 	also liked to discuss how iam solving the puzzle. 
25) Classic Lamb question.  
26) manufacture a stapler
27) 